Updated root readme (#454)
crypto-com/chain-indexing: README.md

Note: Postgres database password is not available in `config.toml` nor command option. You must provide it as environment variable `DB_PASSWORD` on start.

#### Reminder On Connecting Mainnet

> There is a rate limiter on our `mainnet` node. You need to run your indexing server under VPN to pull blocks from `mainnet`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a rate limiter on our public nodes. If you hit the rate limit, you may want to run your own nodes.
```

> 
> We have two options at the moment:
> 
> - `cdc.gpcloudservice.com`, then choose `gateway` as `HK Office VPN`
> - `vpn.mcointernal.com`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
